---
layout: firststep
title: API Versioning
---


##Overview

MercadoLibre’s Developers Program recommends the use of [API V1](), the most stable version of the api.developers.mercadolibre.com.

<pre><code>https://v1.api.mercadolibre.com/</code></pre>

##Master

We will always maintain the master or main version of the API on this URL
[https://api.mercadolibre.com]()

If you want to use the latest features of our business and improvements to our API you should be using the master.

We strongly recommend that you use the master unless you have a valid reason to stick with a frozen version with no changes.

Warning: master version may change without previous notice.

##Versions

If you need to stick to a version that will never change, we provide V1 for the moment

<pre><code>https://v1.api.mercadolibre.com/</code></pre>

<br />
<br />

#V1

##Design Considerations

The API V1 sticks to the same design standards and we promise not to change the design of its responses.


__Key Features__

<ul class="ch-list parameters">
	<li>All responses will be coded with JSON.</li>
	<li>We will also support JSONP</li>
	<li>All request/responses will use UTF-8.</li>
	<li>Dates will follow ISO 8601 format.</li>
	<li>All errors will have a pre-established format.</li>
</ul>

[More design considerations](/design-considerations/).


##Available Resources on V1

<ul class="ch-list parameters">
	<li>Users and Apps</li>
	<li>Categories and Listings</li>
	<li>Locations and Currencies</li>
	<li>Items and Searches</li>
	<li>Order Managment</li>
	<li>Question</li>
</ul>

[View all available resources in detail.](/API-directory/)


##Change Control

In this section you will find all the changes we make to this version, such as new methods or
changes in a method. And when API V1 evolves to a V2, you will see the changes directly on
the site.

But remember! We will always notify you beforehand if we plan on changing something.


##How are URLs formed

Always prepend 'v1' to the standard API URL 

Master: 

<pre class="terminal">$ curl https://api.mercadolibre.com/sites/MLA/search?q=ipod</pre>


V1: 

<pre class="terminal">$ curl https://v1.api.mercadolibre.com/sites/MLA/search?q=ipod</pre>


